README.md, before:

# 🚀 Getting started with Strapi

Strapi comes with a full featured [Command Line Interface](https://docs.strapi.io/dev-docs/cli) (CLI) which lets you scaffold and manage your project in seconds.

### `develop`

Start your Strapi application with autoReload enabled. [Learn more](https://docs.strapi.io/dev-docs/cli#strapi-develop)

```
npm run develop
# or
yarn develop
```

### `start`

Start your Strapi application with autoReload disabled. [Learn more](https://docs.strapi.io/dev-docs/cli#strapi-start)

```
npm run start
# or
yarn start
```

### `build`

Build your admin panel. [Learn more](https://docs.strapi.io/dev-docs/cli#strapi-build)

```
npm run build
# or
yarn build
```

## ⚙️ Deployment

Strapi gives you many possible deployment options for your project including [Strapi Cloud](https://cloud.strapi.io). Browse the [deployment section of the documentation](https://docs.strapi.io/dev-docs/deployment) to find the best solution for your use case.

```
yarn strapi deploy
```

## 📚 Learn more

- [Resource center](https://strapi.io/resource-center) - Strapi resource center.
- [Strapi documentation](https://docs.strapi.io) - Official Strapi documentation.
- [Strapi tutorials](https://strapi.io/tutorials) - List of tutorials made by the core team and the community.
- [Strapi blog](https://strapi.io/blog) - Official Strapi blog containing articles made by the Strapi team and the community.
- [Changelog](https://strapi.io/changelog) - Find out about the Strapi product updates, new features and general improvements.

Feel free to check out the [Strapi GitHub repository](https://github.com/strapi/strapi). Your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## ✨ Community

- [Discord](https://discord.strapi.io) - Come chat with the Strapi community including the core team.
- [Forum](https://forum.strapi.io/) - Place to discuss, ask questions and find answers, show your Strapi project and get feedback or just talk with other Community members.
- [Awesome Strapi](https://github.com/strapi/awesome-strapi) - A curated list of awesome things related to Strapi.

---

<sub>🤫 Psst! [Strapi is hiring](https://strapi.io/careers).</sub>

Commit message:

docs: add railway deployment environment variables requirements

README.md, after:

# 🚀 Getting started with Strapi

Strapi comes with a full featured [Command Line Interface](https://docs.strapi.io/dev-docs/cli) (CLI) which lets you scaffold and manage your project in seconds.

### `develop`

Start your Strapi application with autoReload enabled. [Learn more](https://docs.strapi.io/dev-docs/cli#strapi-develop)

```
npm run develop
# or
yarn develop
```

### `start`

Start your Strapi application with autoReload disabled. [Learn more](https://docs.strapi.io/dev-docs/cli#strapi-start)

```
npm run start
# or
yarn start
```

### `build`

Build your admin panel. [Learn more](https://docs.strapi.io/dev-docs/cli#strapi-build)

```
npm run build
# or
yarn build
```

```
yarn strapi deploy
```

## 🏗️ Railway Deployment

To successfully deploy this Strapi application on Railway, you must configure the following environment variables in your project settings:

| Variable | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| `ADMIN_JWT_SECRET` | Secret used to sign JWT tokens for the admin panel. |
| `API_TOKEN_SALT` | Salt used for API tokens. |
| `TRANSFER_TOKEN_SALT` | Salt used for data transfer tokens. |
| `JWT_SECRET` | Secret for the Users-Permissions plugin. |
| `APP_KEYS` | A comma-separated list of secure keys for application signing. |
| `ENCRYPTION_KEY` | Key used for the internal encryption service. |
| `DATABASE_URL` | (Optional) If you are using an external database. |

> [!TIP]
> Use secure random strings for these values. You can generate them using `openssl rand -base64 32`.

## 📚 Learn more

- [Resource center](https://strapi.io/resource-center) - Strapi resource center.
- [Strapi documentation](https://docs.strapi.io) - Official Strapi documentation.
- [Strapi tutorials](https://strapi.io/tutorials) - List of tutorials made by the core team and the community.
- [Strapi blog](https://strapi.io/blog) - Official Strapi blog containing articles made by the Strapi team and the community.
- [Changelog](https://strapi.io/changelog) - Find out about the Strapi product updates, new features and general improvements.

Feel free to check out the [Strapi GitHub repository](https://github.com/strapi/strapi). Your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## ✨ Community

- [Discord](https://discord.strapi.io) - Come chat with the Strapi community including the core team.
- [Forum](https://forum.strapi.io/) - Place to discuss, ask questions and find answers, show your Strapi project and get feedback or just talk with other Community members.
- [Awesome Strapi](https://github.com/strapi/awesome-strapi) - A curated list of awesome things related to Strapi.

---

<sub>🤫 Psst! [Strapi is hiring](https://strapi.io/careers).</sub>
